README.md, before:

Project Name
FIP for Dan Singer

Contributing
Singer, Dan

History
11/09/22- Restarted FIP due to miscommunication and other assignments; organization, basic outline started
11/11/22- Restarted again due to discovering a template had been provided for coding; was previously unaware
11/14/22- Added created files to github, made changes to provided templates based on info produced
11/17/22- Made changes according to Professor Haaf's help
11/23/22- Built out the index and gallery in class thanks to Professor van Rhys's help
11/25/22- Made changes to mobile pages, added in fonts for all pages
11/26/22- Created lightboxes, added in contact forms, added links, some other small tweaks
11/27/22- Added preliminary info for logo for website (placing/sizing/etc.)
11/29/22- Added pictures to folders; to add to wireframe
11/30/22- Added pictures to code, added some enhanced pictures to folders, some CSS cleanup
12/1/22- Added pictures to lightboxes, stylized index and mobile, updated assets like wireframe and logos
12/2/22- Added assets to mobile layout, styled the pages according to wireframe, finished the mobile layouts, started to work on finishing the desktop layouts
12/3/22- Updated assets like wireframe, created the final high res images
12/4/22- Created the final lightboxes

Credits
Chi- Advisor, Motivator
Stredder, Emma- "Lillie" (Consent to use photo)
Singer, Dan- Author
Westrop, Sophia- Photography assistant

License
MIT

Commit message:

Final Lightbox Additions
Added the final lightboxes to both the html and the wireframe, including the files needed for it

README.md, after:

Project Name
FIP for Dan Singer

Contributing
Singer, Dan

History
11/09/22- Restarted FIP due to miscommunication and other assignments; organization, basic outline started
11/11/22- Restarted again due to discovering a template had been provided for coding; was previously unaware
11/14/22- Added created files to github, made changes to provided templates based on info produced
11/17/22- Made changes according to Professor Haaf's help
11/23/22- Built out the index and gallery in class thanks to Professor van Rhys's help
11/25/22- Made changes to mobile pages, added in fonts for all pages
11/26/22- Created lightboxes, added in contact forms, added links, some other small tweaks
11/27/22- Added preliminary info for logo for website (placing/sizing/etc.)
11/29/22- Added pictures to folders; to add to wireframe
11/30/22- Added pictures to code, added some enhanced pictures to folders, some CSS cleanup
12/1/22- Added pictures to lightboxes, stylized index and mobile, updated assets like wireframe and logos
12/2/22- Added assets to mobile layout, styled the pages according to wireframe, finished the mobile layouts, started to work on finishing the desktop layouts
12/3/22- Updated assets like wireframe, created the final high res images
12/4/22- Created and styled the final lightboxes, cleaned up the wireframe (and added lightboxes to it)

Credits
Chi- Advisor, Motivator
Stredder, Emma- "Lillie" (Consent to use photo)
Singer, Dan- Author
Westrop, Sophia- Photography assistant

License
MIT
